Dozen: Good Keith. Drop Prince Robert
Keith: Drop Prince Robert, right
Keith: The papers were sent in 1660 to the Royal Society, so these papers are very old.
Destin: Hello this I'm Destin, Welcome to "Smarter Every Day"
I am in the basement of the Royal Society of London, England
This is Keith, librarian
He has a special paper written by who?
Keith: Mr. Rurbat Murray
Dustin: Well, it's about Prince Robert's drop, right?
Keith: Yeah right. Dozen: Can you show me that?
Keith: Yes, if we have here a "Statement about Glass Drops" by Mr. Robert Murray
Dozen: Do you show me the drawing, the famous painting?
Keith: Well, if we turn the page
Keith (reads): Solis is one powerful kingdom. But when the top is broken, divided into men.
Destiny: If the hardness of Robert Prince's drop was observed in ancient times.
Even in the beginnings of the royal society. That was early, right?
Keith: True, in the 17th century they tested the drop of Prince Robert, the old researchers were impressed by it.
Destin: Kano is impressed at that time, I'm still dazzled now.
But today we will use some of the best technology available to us.
We will use a high-speed camera and record a bullet piercing Prince Robert's glass drop,
In a few thousand shots per second.
Let's go to get smarter every day.
Dozen: Well, be impressed! Science will happen now,
The first video I made about Prince Robert's drop was here in 'Lookout Mountain Orbix Hot Glass'
His theme was why Prince Robert's drop was so solid
Today we will test its borders.
If you do not see that video you really need to watch it
Because you must understand what we are dealing with (Prince Robert's drop) so you can understand this video.
This is the equipment, I have a 22 caliber rifle.
Directed (Toward Prince Robert Drop)
I have a super-speed camera here,
This is v2511, we will lock it on more than 100,000 frames per second.
If, I have a guided gun so I must share the target
The accuracy will be a bit low, because that's what we should do
In order to get high speed, but this will be great
here we are. Prepare to dazzle. Let us do it.
Drop Prince Robert my moving
If I have to synchronize the shot.
(gunshot)
OK. I hope I hit it.
(Music)
(Laughter )
The bullet did not break the drop
It seems to have generated a shock wave heading towards the droplet tail
Then the tail shook, and broke, then began to break forward
I will do this a few more times, because it is beautiful.
This rifle is adjusted in the same direction as the ultra-fast camera.
I'm a little worried about this.
(Music )
(gunshot)
Just to make sure .... Everything seems to be fine.
Let's see the result now.
It's a great
this is beautiful
This is beautiful, and this material science
And if the researchers were in the 1600s. They had this technology.
They wrote more important messages to some of them.
That does not mean they did not do a good job. They were great.
(gunshot)
(Music )
This is beautiful.
(gunshot)
Where did this go?
If there is a drop in the garden of the house and do not know where it is
It was also great
I see her. I see her
There
Here it is
No way
I will lower it. Actually bulletproof glass
Keith: When the top is broken, the men are divided.
The fact that we were fascinated by this little piece of glass for hundreds of years I think is really wonderful
And we are still fascinated. This video is great
Because we fired a bullet at this piece of glass and did not crash.
This is amazing.
And yes, she was as amazed as we were. Hello Cat.
Hello, before I show you the impact of the bullet in the drop
Can we do something strange?
Can I convince you to unsubscribe from my channel by pressing unsubscribe?
And then, if I deserve
Please login or register to post a new comment.
Subscription is now different and will be great if you activate alerts.
To alert you every time I upload a new video
If you are watching by phone you can do the same thing
Just cancel and then subscribe and press the bell. I tell you this if you really think I deserve it.
Thank you very much for doing so
Well take a look at this drop. In fact, there is the impact of the bullet in it
Which I found dazzling. Many people asked me if they were glass chips that they saw in the video
No. In fact they are fragments. The bullet was shattering
This was not a broken glass. We can still see the impact of the bullet
In this drop. It really is really wonderful
In the second channel image some of the droplets like these
And got a little different results
If you would like to see the other video I did not put here. You will find it in the second channel
I would like to thank the supporter of this channel who is audible. If you would like to listen to free audio books go to audible.com/smarter. A lot of people want to know what I hear I've collected all that in the site.
If you'd like to consider unsubscribing, re-subscribe to the channel and click on the bell
Or become a supporter I will really appreciate it.
Gordon of 'A Shell in the Pit' making sound and music,
Brady enabled me to enter the Royal Society to meet Keith
The name of the Brady channel is 'Objectivity'.
I masturbate, and you grow smarter every day, happy day. :)